Preserve whitespace when `interpolation: true` (Unix) (#584)
ericcornelissen/shescape: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Add argument splitting prevention for Bash, Dash, and Zsh. ([#584])

Author: [TBD] This or

```suggestion
- Add whitespace preservation for Bash, Dash, and Zsh. ([#584])
```
